Add expo-in-app-purchases to bare-expo and native-component-list (#7540)
expo/expo: apps/native-component-list/src/screens/InAppPurchases/README.md

# Expo Payments

> This is an ejected Expo app that can be used to test the `expo-in-app-purchases` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This screen may not be usable outside of the `bare-expo` project, which is preconfigured for supporting in-app purchases.
```

> It has a bundle ID of `dev.expo.Payments` and an application ID of `com.expo.payments`.

Reviewer: `bare-expo` uses an application ID of `dev.expo.payments`. Do you think we should change the respective configuration in the Google Play Console?

Author: Might make sense to just create a few more payments.
